i got put into linkedin jail hey i'm sam
dunning co-owner over at webchoiceuk.com
and host of the top 100 marketing
podcast business growth show last week i
got banned from linkedin chucked into
linkedin jail for three days just logged
onto the mobile app and it said your
account no longer has access please get
in touch with our service team so i did
just that i raised a ticket linkedin
replied to me i believe around two days
later
and they said there's been kind of bad
or fraudulent or dodgy activity on your
account i of course replied with what's
happened what's the issue
how can i get my account back live
bearing in mind linkedin's our third
best channel for driving sales revenue
we do about
over 100k a year in sales through it so
it's quite important to us to get it
back up and running
so
sent the message eventually
they said if you can give us proof of id
we can get you back live so i did send
my driving license and about an hour or
so later they got me back up and running
so fortunately i was only down for 72
hours or so off of linkedin but what did
surprise me is when i asked for a clear
response as to why exactly i'd been
banned i couldn't get one linkedin said
we're not able to share information if
we need more info for our research
purposes we'll reach out to you it's not
a great deal of use for me because i
don't know what's good and what's bad to
do on the channel
um all i do know is we're very active
when it comes to kind of referring
business in terms of me publishing
content around digital marketing around
seo around helping you out with your
website to generate more sales ops so
it's very confusing as to why it
actually happened anyway i want to thank
the few people that started the hashtag
free sam as i'm sure that did help as i
did mention it in my linkedin ticket
that i raised so cheers to everyone that
got behind me and enjoys my content and
glad to be back on the channel now what
can we learn from this though well
linkedin is effectively a rented
platform what do i mean by that well we
don't own linkedin just like they did to
me they can click their fingers they can
flick a switch and deny your access and
if like me you generate quite a lot of
business quite a lot of sales
opportunities and leads from the
platform it can really affect your
company and your cash flow so that's why
it's really important to have a number
of different channels
that you both own or that you are
renting whether that is social media
channels like linkedin or facebook or
tick tock or youtube whatever it may be
that you don't necessarily have full
control over but you can post content
but also
marketing channels marketing assets that
you do have full ownership over so that
could be things like your website
that you can of course control all the
content you can build trust with
prospects you can generate leads from it
if you market to it that could be a
podcast where you post kind of weekly
monthly or so episodes where people can
learn from you learn from your guests
and you can build up your brand and the
following and again sales opportunities
over time that could be an email list
that you put together and you reach out
to your prospects and you provide useful
tips and again you generate
opportunities over time that could be a
video series whether you're doing it on
your site or youtube again that's media
that you own so having channels that
you're renting whether that's social
channels having channels that you own
whether that's email website video
podcast
and making sure you've got various
marketing streams that are able to drive
sales leads your way rather than just
going all in on one channel because like
i said if that channel takes a hit just
like i got blocked off linkedin it can
really affect business and there we go i
hope you enjoyed this episode as always
if you did hit that subscribe button and
with that i shall catch you on the next
one